Blog 2 — The Backtest That Sent Me to the Moon Too Early Time period May 2025 – June 2025 Main content This blog should focus on your second big idea after the failed interviews. You realized LuckyPlans should not only be a manual analysis and plan creation tool. The system needed to become smarter. Instead of manually choosing traders and manually creating plans, LuckyPlans should generate plans automatically based on backtest verification. This was a big product evolution. The system moved from: Manual trader analysis Manual plan creation Manual decision making to: Backtest-driven verification Strategy evaluation Automatic plan generation Data-supported decisions After about one month, you completed the backtesting system, strategy logic, and code. Then the results looked amazing. Around 200% profit per month. A smooth-looking profit graph. The strategy looked safe. The system looked powerful. This became a new emotional high. You believed: “Okay, this is it. This can go to the moon.” At this stage, the blog should show your excitement, but also lightly foreshadow that backtest results can be dangerous if trusted too quickly. Do not make the lesson too heavy yet. Save the full pain for later. Core lesson The big idea was not only “copy traders.” It became: LuckyPlans should generate plans based on tested evidence, not only user intuition. But the hidden danger was: A beautiful backtest can make a builder too confident. Suggested ending End with something like: “For the first time, LuckyPlans did not just feel like a copy trading system. It felt like a machine that could discover plans by itself. I was excited. Maybe too excited.” ============ Here is my raw story. After interview with them, we decided (me and my brother) to make a backtest engine. Brother suggested me instead of revamp the system fully let's focus on backtest logic only. and we agreed that we've enough data for the backtest. eventLogs are enough for completing the backtest. now we need to find how to make this system automatic. how this system can choose best candidator among of many traders in the leaderboard. At this time my brother Hiroshi also suggest me one solution. how did you get this idea? ofc I got this idea from one trader who have very great profile. so it was really linearly increasing pnl graph. so our focus is how to automatically detect the traders pnl graph if it is linearly grow or not? we tried several candidates and we altimately agreed that using linear regression algorithm. in linear regession algorithm, slope and r2, slope means how the linear is fast or slow, and r2 how the graph is similar to the linear. so main formular was ready for coding for automatic system. now we write a script for backtest with this automatic formalar. we rely on this backtest system for optimize our automation strategy params in order to get great result. at the first time of the backtest, the result wasn't so impressive. after many times of trial. fyi in order to backtest with one strategy param it takes almost 1hrs since there are 2 years of event logs across 4 chains. so we couldn't speed up the parameter optimization. so we split the task. I tried to optimize the backtest speed and my brother to optimize the strategy params. I analyze the current backtest system logic in 5 days carefully. so current backtest implementation is a kind of direct implementation of backtest for past data. it was similar to we did in the leaderboard building. but in this system we cannot use similar dynamic building approach since the leaderboard building was appropriate to this way, but leader scoring is a little difficult and tricky. so I have tried several approaches, then eventually I switched the point of view so instead of filling backtest day to day, I decided to execute them for one trader and with this one trader fill whole days and select another trader and fill, in this way it improved much and reduced many complexity. so our system eventually complete one strategy in a 5 mins. it was huge breakthough. totally it take almost 1 week and 2 weekends. in these period my brother find a solution how to optimize the backtest and find best solution. and another next week we find most reliable and most expected result. even though we expected the result it was so surprising and unbelievable since it is output from the backtest with real data. not just imagine. it looks like the first boom was shake for the developers even though they calculate the power with math but the sun like bright and lighting more sound etc. we thought that becoming millionare it's too hard and it's not impossible. we believed. then we decided to execute them in secret way, not just normal public company. we decided to hide this big technical breakthough and that was a really big day and night cannot close eyes ================= complete this blog as like as above blog with my style with my guide line. that should be professional while looks funny and looks humorous and still serious with numbers. don't use too much simple sentence, and don't use too many complex long sentence. if we use many complex long sentence then the story is boring and if we use too many simple sentence looks like childish